README.md, before:

# starter-kit-angular
Starter Kit for Angular v1.

## Usage:

**Just use this kit as base code to start your Angular project**

* Entry page source: /src/index.html
* All source files will be bundled into /app/
* Use Webpack 2 to bundle files
* Use LESS for CSS pre-process, but you can choose on your own such as SASS.

### bundle all files

```
npm run dist
```

### start webpack dev server

```
npm run dev
```

You can also use the following command to bundle all files and then start dev server.

```
npm start
```

___

## Structure

```
starter-kit-angular/
 ├──app/                           * all bundles
 │
 ├──src/                           * source files that will be all bundled to /app/dist/
 |   ├──index.html                 * app entry page source file
 │   │
 |   ├──critical.js                * critical process, such as page loading styles
 |   ├──critical.less              * critical styles
 │   │
 |   ├──main.js
 |   ├──main.less
 │   │
 │   ├──_core-less/                * core Less files
 │   │   ├──_include.less          * include all base Less files, you can include this file in all your Less files
 │   │   ├──color.less             * color configurations
 │   │   ├──tools.less             * base mixins
 │   │   └──variables.less         * other configurations
 │   │
 │   ├──_webpack/                  * webpack configuration
 │   │   ├──_base.js
 │   │   ├──dev.js                 * will use this config for development environment
 │   │   └──dist.js                * will use this config for production environment
 │   │
 │   ├──controllers/
 │   │   ├──${controller}.js
 │   │   └──${controller}.less
 │   │
 │   └──services/
 │       ├──${service}.js
 │       └──${service}.less
 │
 └──webpack.config.js              * webpack main configuration file

```

## Services and Controllers

You will noticed that there're `services` and `controllers` folder under `src`. These are used for my strategy for bundling services and controllers.

1. Services and Controllers names are defined in `src/main.js` in array `services` and `controllers`.
2. The process will find `src/services/${serviceName}` for the service by that name and `src/controllers/${controllerName}` for the controller by that name and then bundle them.

___

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)

Commit message:

include angular-router & angular-animate. update demo

README.md, after:

# starter-kit-angular
Starter Kit for Angular v1.

## Usage:

**Just use this kit as base code to start your Angular project**

* Entry page source: /src/index.html
* All source files will be bundled into /app/
* Use Webpack 2 to bundle files
* Use LESS for CSS pre-process, but you can choose on your own such as SASS.

### bundle all files

```
npm run dist
```

### start webpack dev server

```
npm run dev
```

You can also use the following command to bundle all files and then start dev server.

```
npm start
```

___

## Structure

```
starter-kit-angular/
 ├──app/                           * all bundles
 │
 ├──src/                           * source files that will be all bundled to /app/dist/
 |   ├──index.html                 * app entry page source file
 │   │
 |   ├──critical.js                * critical process, such as page loading styles
 |   ├──critical.less              * critical styles
 │   │
 |   ├──main.js
 |   ├──main.less
 │   │
 │   ├──_core/                     * core Javascript files
 │   │   └──routers.less           * Angular router configurations
 │   │
 │   ├──_core-less/                * core Less files
 │   │   ├──_include.less          * include all base Less files, you can include this file in all your Less files
 │   │   ├──color.less             * color configurations
 │   │   ├──tools.less             * base mixins
 │   │   └──variables.less         * other configurations
 │   │
 │   ├──_webpack/                  * webpack configuration
 │   │   ├──_base.js
 │   │   ├──dev.js                 * will use this config for development environment
 │   │   └──dist.js                * will use this config for production environment
 │   │
 │   ├──templates/                 * templates used for router
 │   │   └──${template}.js
 │   │
 │   ├──controllers/
 │   │   └──${controller}.js
 │   │
 │   ├──components/
 │   │   └──${component}.js
 │   │
 │   └──services/
 │       └──${service}.js
 │
 └──webpack.config.js              * webpack main configuration file

```

## Services and Controllers

You will noticed that there're `services`, `controllers` and `components` folder under `src`. These are used for my strategy for bundling services, controllers and components.

1. Services and Controllers names are defined in `src/main.js` in array `services` and `controllers`.
2. The process will find `src/services/${serviceName}` for the service by that name, `src/controllers/${controllerName}` for the controller by that name and `src/components/${componentName}` for the component by that name and then bundle them.

___

# License
 [MIT](/LICENSE)
